Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture where we're going to be discussing about questions you should
ask after or during an interview.
So usually after an interview you'll be asked So do you have any questions for me.
They'll give you about five to 10 minutes depending on the company as a period of time where you can
ask them questions and remember you're interviewing the company just as much as they're interviewing
you and you should always have questions to ask after an interview.
You can ask them during their interview if it's more conversational.
But usually there's a set time to ask it after the interview.
So the next lecture contains a huge list of questions for you sorted by category.
Well let's just discuss general concepts about asking these questions.
So first we want to do is clarify your uncertainties so your first step should be to ask anything about
the position that had been covered during the interview though don't ask questions that you should already
know the answers just by looking at the job description of the company website.
So type questions would be what's typical day look like how will I be trained.
What are the performance expectations over a certain period of time.
Stuff like that.
After that you're going to want to remove the doubts so ask questions that will allow you to talk about
any strengths or accomplishments that you didn't get to cover during the interview.
And then once they answer you can clarify or reiterate wire a good match for the position.
So questions like that are what are the skills or experiences you're looking for in an ideal candidate
something like what types of skills the team missing that you're looking to fill and you hire et cetera
.
Then then this is really important you want to uncover red flags.
This can be tricky to do tactfully but asking questions about turnover culture and growth opportunities
.
During the interview process can really prevent unpleasant surprises down the road.
And these type of questions are especially important for small startups so you can ask these questions
in the forum such as what is company culture like.
He told me about the team I'll be working with.
Where's the last person who held this job moving onto.
So you just want to be careful and really get a sense of what the company's truly like what company
culture is like and you can go ahead and check out the next list next lecture and the list there.
Oh we have plenty of questions that address the sort of concerns after that you want to get a view of
the future.
So asking questions about the growth of the company and its employees is a good idea for two reasons
.
First it gives a good perspective on what their values are and how you may or may not fit with the company
Secondly asking about the future of a company and the opportunity is there for your own growth shows
that you're committed for the long haul and you're eager to learn the set of questions can be where
do you see this company in the next few years.
What training programs are available to your employees and what are the opportunities for advancement
.
All right.
And then you may want to build a relationship so you can always fall back to ask in the interview about
himself or herself.
Remember don't get too personal and pay attention to how to interview her is reacting to your questions
.
So these type of questions can be like How long have you been at the company.
What did you do before why did you choose this company and what's your favorite part about working here
.
Sometimes as far as red flags some people ask what's your least favorite part about working here.
We're really gauge their reaction.
So make sure it's an appropriate question to ask.
All right.
With that being done as far as wrapping it up at the end of the interview Don't forget to ask about
next steps.
So reiterate that you're interested in the position and you want to ask what are the next steps in the
interview process.
And is there anything else I can provide you with that would be helpful.
So really wrap it up and close that deal.
Okay.
So look at the list in the next lecture and browse through the questions you may want to ask during
an interview you have plenty of resources there and I encourage you to check them out.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture